ps-AF,Afghanistan
fa-AF,Afghanistan
uz-AF,Afghanistan
sv-AX,Åland Islands
sq-AL,Albania
en-AL,Albania
ar-DZ,Algeria
fr-DZ,Algeria
kab-DZ,Algeria
en-AS,American Samoa
ca-AD,Andorra
en-AD,Andorra
ln-AO,Angola
pt-AO,Angola
en-AI,Anguilla
es-AI,Anguilla
en-AG,Antigua & Barbuda
es-AG,Antigua & Barbuda
en-AR,Argentina
es-AR,Argentina
hy-AM,Armenia
nl-AW,Aruba
es-AW,Aruba
en-AU,Australia
en-AT,Austria
de-AT,Austria
az-AZ,Azerbaijan
az-AZ,Azerbaijan
en-BS,Bahamas
es-BS,Bahamas
ar-BH,Bahrain
bn-BD,Bangladesh
ccp-BD,Bangladesh
en-BD,Bangladesh
en-BB,Barbados
es-BB,Barbados
be-BY,Belarus
ru-BY,Belarus
nl-BE,Belgium
en-BE,Belgium
fr-BE,Belgium
de-BE,Belgium
wa-BE,Belgium
en-BZ,Belize
es-BZ,Belize
fr-BJ,Benin
yo-BJ,Benin
en-BM,Bermuda
es-BM,Bermuda
dz-BT,Bhutan
qu-BO,Bolivia
es-BO,Bolivia
bs-BA,Bosnia & Herzegovina
bs-BA,Bosnia & Herzegovina
hr-BA,Bosnia & Herzegovina
en-BA,Bosnia & Herzegovina
sr-BA,Bosnia & Herzegovina
sr-BA,Bosnia & Herzegovina
en-BW,Botswana
tn-BW,Botswana
en-BR,Brazil
pt-BR,Brazil
es-BR,Brazil
en-IO,British Indian Ocean Territory
en-VG,British Virgin Islands
es-VG,British Virgin Islands
ms-BN,Brunei
ms-BN,Brunei
bg-BG,Bulgaria
en-BG,Bulgaria
fr-BF,Burkina Faso
ff-BF,Burkina Faso
en-BI,Burundi
fr-BI,Burundi
rn-BI,Burundi
km-KH,Cambodia
agq-CM,Cameroon
ksf-CM,Cameroon
bas-CM,Cameroon
dua-CM,Cameroon
en-CM,Cameroon
ewo-CM,Cameroon
fr-CM,Cameroon
ff-CM,Cameroon
kkj-CM,Cameroon
nmg-CM,Cameroon
mgo-CM,Cameroon
mua-CM,Cameroon
nnh-CM,Cameroon
jgo-CM,Cameroon
yav-CM,Cameroon
en-CA,Canada
fr-CA,Canada
iu-CA,Canada
moh-CA,Canada
es-CA,Canada
es-IC,Canary Islands
kea-CV,Cape Verde
pt-CV,Cape Verde
nl-BQ,Caribbean Netherlands
es-BQ,Caribbean Netherlands
en-KY,Cayman Islands
es-KY,Cayman Islands
fr-CF,Central African Republic
ln-CF,Central African Republic
sg-CF,Central African Republic
es-EA,Ceuta & Melilla
ar-TD,Chad
fr-TD,Chad
en-CL,Chile
arn-CL,Chile
es-CL,Chile
yue-CN,China mainland
zh-CN,China mainland
zh-CN,China mainland
en-CN,China mainland
ii-CN,China mainland
bo-CN,China mainland
ug-CN,China mainland
en-CX,Christmas Island
en-CC,Cocos (Keeling) Islands
en-CO,Colombia
es-CO,Colombia
ar-KM,Comoros
fr-KM,Comoros
fr-CG,Congo - Brazzaville
ln-CG,Congo - Brazzaville
fr-CD,Congo - Kinshasa
ln-CD,Congo - Kinshasa
lu-CD,Congo - Kinshasa
sw-CD,Congo - Kinshasa
en-CK,Cook Islands
es-CR,Costa Rica
fr-CI,Côte d’Ivoire
hr-HR,Croatia
en-HR,Croatia
es-CU,Cuba
nl-CW,Curaçao
es-CW,Curaçao
en-CY,Cyprus
el-CY,Cyprus
tr-CY,Cyprus
cs-CZ,Czechia
en-CZ,Czechia
da,da-DK,Denmark
en-DK,Denmark
fo-DK,Denmark
en-DG,Diego Garcia
ar-DJ,Djibouti
fr-DJ,Djibouti
so-DJ,Djibouti
en-DM,Dominica
es-DM,Dominica
es-DO,Dominican Republic
qu-EC,Ecuador
es-EC,Ecuador
ar-EG,Egypt
es-SV,El Salvador
fr-GQ,Equatorial Guinea
pt-GQ,Equatorial Guinea
es-GQ,Equatorial Guinea
ar-ER,Eritrea
byn-ER,Eritrea
en-ER,Eritrea
gez-ER,Eritrea
tig-ER,Eritrea
ti-ER,Eritrea
en-EE,Estonia
et-EE,Estonia
en-SZ,Eswatini
ss-SZ,Eswatini
am-ET,Ethiopia
gez-ET,Ethiopia
om-ET,Ethiopia
so-ET,Ethiopia
ti-ET,Ethiopia
wal-ET,Ethiopia
en-150,Europe
en-FK,Falkland Islands
es-FK,Falkland Islands
fo-FO,Faroe Islands
en-FJ,Fiji
en-FI,Finland
fi,fi-FI,Finland
smn-FI,Finland
se-FI,Finland
sv-FI,Finland
br-FR,France
ca-FR,France
co-FR,France
en-FR,France
fr,fr-FR,France
oc-FR,France
pt-FR,France
gsw-FR,France
fr-GF,French Guiana
es-GF,French Guiana
fr-PF,French Polynesia
fr-GA,Gabon
en-GM,Gambia
ff-GM,Gambia
ka-GE,Georgia
os-GE,Georgia
ksh-DE,Germany
en-DE,Germany
de,de-DE,Germany
nds-DE,Germany
dsb-DE,Germany
hsb-DE,Germany
ak-GH,Ghana
en-GH,Ghana
ee-GH,Ghana
ff-GH,Ghana
gaa-GH,Ghana
ha-GH,Ghana
en-GI,Gibraltar
en-GR,Greece
el-GR,Greece
da-GL,Greenland
kl-GL,Greenland
es-GL,Greenland
en-GD,Grenada
es-GD,Grenada
fr-GP,Guadeloupe
es-GP,Guadeloupe
en-GU,Guam
es-GT,Guatemala
en-GG,Guernsey
ff-GW,Guinea-Bissau
pt-GW,Guinea-Bissau
fr-GN,Guinea
ff-GN,Guinea
kpe-GN,Guinea
nqo-GN,Guinea
en-GY,Guyana
es-GY,Guyana
fr-HT,Haiti
es-HT,Haiti
es-HN,Honduras
yue-HK,Hong Kong
zh-HK,Hong Kong
zh-HK,Hong Kong
en-HK,Hong Kong
en-HU,Hungary
hu-HU,Hungary
en-IS,Iceland
is-IS,Iceland
as-IN,India
bn-IN,India
brx-IN,India
ccp-IN,India
en-IN,India
gu-IN,India
hi-IN,India
kn-IN,India
ks-IN,India
ks-IN,India
ks-IN,India
kok-IN,India
ml-IN,India
mni-IN,India
mni-IN,India
mr-IN,India
ne-IN,India
or-IN,India
pa-IN,India
sa-IN,India
sat-IN,India
sat-IN,India
ta-IN,India
te-IN,India
bo-IN,India
ur-IN,India
ur-IN,India
ur-IN,India
en-ID,Indonesia
id-ID,Indonesia
jv-ID,Indonesia
ckb-IR,Iran
mzn-IR,Iran
lrc-IR,Iran
fa-IR,Iran
ar-IQ,Iraq
ckb-IQ,Iraq
lrc-IQ,Iraq
syr-IQ,Iraq
en-IE,Ireland
ga-IE,Ireland
en-IM,Isle of Man
gv-IM,Isle of Man
ar-IL,Israel
en-IL,Israel
he-IL,Israel
ca-IT,Italy
en-IT,Italy
fur-IT,Italy
de-IT,Italy
it,it-IT,Italy
sc-IT,Italy
scn-IT,Italy
en-JM,Jamaica
en-JP,Japan
ja-JP,Japan
en-JE,Jersey
ar-JO,Jordan
kk-KZ,Kazakhstan
ru-KZ,Kazakhstan
ebu-KE,Kenya
en-KE,Kenya
guz-KE,Kenya
kln-KE,Kenya
kam-KE,Kenya
ki-KE,Kenya
luo-KE,Kenya
luy-KE,Kenya
mas-KE,Kenya
mer-KE,Kenya
om-KE,Kenya
saq-KE,Kenya
so-KE,Kenya
sw-KE,Kenya
dav-KE,Kenya
teo-KE,Kenya
en-KI,Kiribati
sq-XK,Kosovo
sr-XK,Kosovo
sr-XK,Kosovo
ar-KW,Kuwait
ky-KG,Kyrgyzstan
ru-KG,Kyrgyzstan
lo-LA,Laos
es-419,Latin America
en-LV,Latvia
lv-LV,Latvia
ar-LB,Lebanon
en-LS,Lesotho
st-LS,Lesotho
en-LR,Liberia
ff-LR,Liberia
kpe-LR,Liberia
vai-LR,Liberia
vai-LR,Liberia
ar-LY,Libya
de-LI,Liechtenstein
gsw-LI,Liechtenstein
en-LT,Lithuania
lt-LT,Lithuania
en-LU,Luxembourg
fr-LU,Luxembourg
de-LU,Luxembourg
lb-LU,Luxembourg
pt-LU,Luxembourg
zh-MO,Macao
zh-MO,Macao
en-MO,Macao
pt-MO,Macao
en-MG,Madagascar
fr-MG,Madagascar
mg-MG,Madagascar
en-MW,Malawi
ny-MW,Malawi
en-MY,Malaysia
ms-MY,Malaysia
ms-MY,Malaysia
ta-MY,Malaysia
dv-MV,Maldives
en-MV,Maldives
bm-ML,Mali
fr-ML,Mali
khq-ML,Mali
ses-ML,Mali
en-MT,Malta
mt-MT,Malta
en-MH,Marshall Islands
fr-MQ,Martinique
es-MQ,Martinique
ar-MR,Mauritania
fr-MR,Mauritania
ff-MR,Mauritania
en-MU,Mauritius
fr-MU,Mauritius
mfe-MU,Mauritius
fr-YT,Mayotte
en-MX,Mexico
es-MX,Mexico
en-FM,Micronesia
ro-MD,Moldova
ru-MD,Moldova
fr-MC,Monaco
mn-MN,Mongolia
en-ME,Montenegro
sr-ME,Montenegro
sr-ME,Montenegro
en-MS,Montserrat
es-MS,Montserrat
ar-MA,Morocco
tzm-MA,Morocco
fr-MA,Morocco
zgh-MA,Morocco
shi-MA,Morocco
shi-MA,Morocco
mgh-MZ,Mozambique
pt-MZ,Mozambique
seh-MZ,Mozambique
my-MM,Myanmar (Burma)
en-MM,Myanmar (Burma)
af-NA,Namibia
en-NA,Namibia
naq-NA,Namibia
en-NR,Nauru
ne-NP,Nepal
nl,nl-NL,Netherlands
en-NL,Netherlands
nds-NL,Netherlands
fy-NL,Netherlands
fr-NC,New Caledonia
en-NZ,New Zealand
mi-NZ,New Zealand
es-NI,Nicaragua
fr-NE,Niger
ff-NE,Niger
ha-NE,Niger
twq-NE,Niger
dje-NE,Niger
en-NG,Nigeria
ff-NG,Nigeria
ha-NG,Nigeria
ig-NG,Nigeria
kaj-NG,Nigeria
kcg-NG,Nigeria
yo-NG,Nigeria
en-NU,Niue
en-NF,Norfolk Island
ko-KP,North Korea
sq-MK,North Macedonia
mk-MK,North Macedonia
en-MP,Northern Mariana Islands
en-NO,Norway
se-NO,Norway
nb-NO,Norway
nn-NO,Norway
ar-OM,Oman
en-PK,Pakistan
ps-PK,Pakistan
pa-PK,Pakistan
pa-PK,Pakistan
sd-PK,Pakistan
ur-PK,Pakistan
ur-PK,Pakistan
ur-PK,Pakistan
en-PW,Palau
ar-PS,Palestinian Territories
es-PA,Panama
en-PG,Papua New Guinea
gn-PY,Paraguay
es-PY,Paraguay
qu-PE,Peru
es-PE,Peru
ceb-PH,Philippines
en-PH,Philippines
fil-PH,Philippines
es-PH,Philippines
en-PN,Pitcairn Islands
en-PL,Poland
pl,pl-PL,Poland
en-PT,Portugal
pt-PT,Portugal
en-PR,Puerto Rico
es-PR,Puerto Rico
ar-QA,Qatar
fr-RE,Réunion
en-RO,Romania
ro-RO,Romania
ba-RU,Russia
ce-RU,Russia
cv-RU,Russia
en-RU,Russia
myv-RU,Russia
os-RU,Russia
ru-RU,Russia
sah-RU,Russia
tt-RU,Russia
en-RW,Rwanda
fr-RW,Rwanda
rw-RW,Rwanda
en-WS,Samoa
it-SM,San Marino
pt-ST,São Tomé & Príncipe
ar-SA,Saudi Arabia
en-SA,Saudi Arabia
fr-SN,Senegal
ff-SN,Senegal
dyo-SN,Senegal
wo-SN,Senegal
en-RS,Serbia
sr-RS,Serbia
sr-RS,Serbia
en-SC,Seychelles
fr-SC,Seychelles
en-SL,Sierra Leone
ff-SL,Sierra Leone
zh-SG,Singapore
en-SG,Singapore
ms-SG,Singapore
ta-SG,Singapore
nl-SX,Sint Maarten
en-SX,Sint Maarten
es-SX,Sint Maarten
en-SK,Slovakia
sk-SK,Slovakia
en-SI,Slovenia
sl-SI,Slovenia
en-SB,Solomon Islands
ar-SO,Somalia
so-SO,Somalia
af-ZA,South Africa
en-ZA,South Africa
nso-ZA,South Africa
nr-ZA,South Africa
st-ZA,South Africa
ss-ZA,South Africa
ts-ZA,South Africa
tn-ZA,South Africa
ve-ZA,South Africa
xh-ZA,South Africa
zu-ZA,South Africa
en-KR,South Korea
ko-KR,South Korea
ar-SS,South Sudan
en-SS,South Sudan
nus-SS,South Sudan
ast-ES,Spain
eu-ES,Spain
ca-ES,Spain
en-ES,Spain
gl-ES,Spain
es,es-ES,Spain
si-LK,Sri Lanka
ta-LK,Sri Lanka
fr-BL,St. Barthélemy
es-BL,St. Barthélemy
en-SH,St. Helena
en-KN,St. Kitts & Nevis
es-KN,St. Kitts & Nevis
en-LC,St. Lucia
es-LC,St. Lucia
fr-MF,St. Martin
es-MF,St. Martin
fr-PM,St. Pierre & Miquelon
es-PM,St. Pierre & Miquelon
en-VC,St. Vincent & Grenadines
es-VC,St. Vincent & Grenadines
ar-SD,Sudan
en-SD,Sudan
nl-SR,Suriname
es-SR,Suriname
nb-SJ,Svalbard & Jan Mayen
en-SE,Sweden
se-SE,Sweden
sv-SE,Sweden
en-CH,Switzerland
fr-CH,Switzerland
de-CH,Switzerland
it-CH,Switzerland
pt-CH,Switzerland
rm-CH,Switzerland
gsw-CH,Switzerland
wae-CH,Switzerland
ar-SY,Syria
fr-SY,Syria
syr-SY,Syria
zh-TW,Taiwan
en-TW,Taiwan
trv-TW,Taiwan
tg-TJ,Tajikistan
asa-TZ,Tanzania
bez-TZ,Tanzania
en-TZ,Tanzania
lag-TZ,Tanzania
jmc-TZ,Tanzania
kde-TZ,Tanzania
mas-TZ,Tanzania
rof-TZ,Tanzania
rwk-TZ,Tanzania
sbp-TZ,Tanzania
ksb-TZ,Tanzania
sw-TZ,Tanzania
vun-TZ,Tanzania
en-TH,Thailand
th-TH,Thailand
pt-TL,Timor-Leste
ee-TG,Togo
fr-TG,Togo
en-TK,Tokelau
en-TO,Tonga
to-TO,Tonga
en-TT,Trinidad & Tobago
es-TT,Trinidad & Tobago
ar-TN,Tunisia
fr-TN,Tunisia
en-TR,Turkey
ku-TR,Turkey
tr-TR,Turkey
tk-TM,Turkmenistan
en-TC,Turks & Caicos Islands
es-TC,Turks & Caicos Islands
en-TV,Tuvalu
en-UM,U.S. Outlying Islands
en-VI,U.S. Virgin Islands
es-VI,U.S. Virgin Islands
cgg-UG,Uganda
en-UG,Uganda
lg-UG,Uganda
nyn-UG,Uganda
xog-UG,Uganda
sw-UG,Uganda
teo-UG,Uganda
en-UA,Ukraine
ru-UA,Ukraine
uk-UA,Ukraine
ar-AE,United Arab Emirates
en-AE,United Arab Emirates
kw-GB,United Kingdom
en,en-GB,United Kingdom
gd-GB,United Kingdom
cy-GB,United Kingdom
chr-US,United States
en-US,United States
en-US,United States
haw-US,United States
lkt-US,United States
es-US,United States
es-UY,Uruguay
uz-UZ,Uzbekistan
uz-UZ,Uzbekistan
en-VU,Vanuatu
fr-VU,Vanuatu
it-VA,Vatican City
es-VE,Venezuela
vi-VN,Vietnam
fr-WF,Wallis & Futuna
ar-EH,Western Sahara
ar-001,World
en-001,World
eo-001,World
io-001,World
ia-001,World
jbo-001,World
yi-001,World
ar-YE,Yemen
bem-ZM,Zambia
en-ZM,Zambia
en-ZW,Zimbabwe
nd-ZW,Zimbabwe
sn-ZW,Zimbabwe
no,no-NO,Norge
sv,sv-SV,Sverige